Puzzle Alarm Clock Makes Sure You’re Awake!
Published on March 03, 2006.
This Puzzle Alarm Clock shoots out a simple 4 piece jigsaw puzzle when it’s time for you to wake up.
The alarm clock won’t turn off until you put the pieces back together correctly.
I guess the idea is that putting the puzzle back together stimulates your brain enough so that it wakes up.
Seems like a pretty cool idea.
But what happens when a piece flies under the bed?
It’d be hammer time for the clock, methinks.
The Puzzle Alarm Clock can be yours for only $52!
Hmmm, for that price I’d rather buy a few Neverlates , synchronize them, and stick them in various places in my room.